c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\KP Monitor.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\KP Monitor.pdb
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\KP_Monitor_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Monitor.g.resources
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\KP_Monitor.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Monitor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Monitor.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Monitor.pdb
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Monitor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\konten.g.cs
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\Help.g.cs
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\obj\Debug\Content.g.cs
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Facebook.Client.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Phone.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Facebook.Client.xml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Monitor\KP Monitor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Phone.xml
